Authenticator: Adds Custom Tabs ephemeral session support (#971)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-toolkit: toolkit/authentication/README.md

    }
    ```

> ### Launch OAuth Prompts in Private Browser Sessions (Ephemeral Mode)

Reviewer: Suggestion to match closer with the `preferPrivateWebBrowserSession` param: 
```suggestion
### To Prefer Launching OAuth Prompts in Private Browser Sessions (Ephemeral Mode)
```

Author: Good point on the section re-name. 
i have updated to match the titles in the other sections
